hey everyone we are here at Cinco we're
backstage there's so many good
performances tonight but you're hosting
right yes introduce yourself hi I'm
acacia Brinley absolutely so uh do you
plan like do you like sit at home like
cute cards and stuff are you just going
Satan just wings yes I've wing it to the
fullest I had no idea who or what or
what was going on but I went on and it
was good but that's good because then
you you know you don't think too much
just going it's all me so how did you
get involved in the in cinco actually
the management or the person that put
together i know hit her son really well
we've known each other for like five
years
okay cool so you like I got to go be a
part of this do you know who you're
introducing or I introduced a be an and
I'm introducing Tyler Mattel and Sara
Skinner and the gravity hill band okay
good good memory boom you didn't even
have like a list or anything
how has it been you know with social
media obviously people have blown up how
has it been you know just getting all
the attention you get well now I'm like
used to it like people my friends are
like oh my god people are like follow me
say talk to me and I'm like oh I love
them so it's cool just hit them up but
um it was a big change from like home
town like in the East Coast today being
out here and all these people knowing
who I am like I got notice five times my
own hometown mall yeah way you know
you're you're big on all social media
what's your favorite like if they had to
shut down everything and you could only
have one what would be the one you had
to keep up I really like feed yes I mean
it's an XM it's a mix of them all so I
don't mind if they shot all of them down
yeah what which one did that people
recognizing the most like tumblr or
Instagram well I started on tumblr so I
love people know me as a tumblr girl but
I have more followers on Instagram so
mostly do you get nervous because when
you Instagram how many followers you
have it's a lot I know like
650,000
so you know that many people are gonna
see your picture so is there like a lot
of prep that goes in your pictures are
you nervous so you just go BAM I'm just
like boom here's me like it okay that's
good though that's good yeah double tap
and love it
what's that what's some of the good
things that people say and then what are
some of the bad things that everybody
gets for putting themselves out there
that you get well there's a lot of I
love yous from people that you don't
know but that's really like nice to hear
all the time and then well there's
obviously a lot of negativity that comes
with being like known like what they
don't know you obviously so I think they
say it's just whatever it's hard because
then you go like your followers usually
will say nice stuff but then your
picture goes on the popular page and
then random people see it are just
ruthless a lot of followers though they
like even though they don't like you
they follow you I'm like why yeah what
is the point kind of awkward
yeah who are you most excited to see
today I know you know a lot of people
and you're excited but is there one
person you don't know and you're like
god I really want to simplify she's
amazing right
yeah but performing wise probably after
Romeo because they're my homies yes and
erm extreme phenomenal dancers and they
just started singing - yeah yeah they're
amazing alright so lastly what inspired
this that's the kitty pages well my fans
are called kitties because I'm
absolutely in love with cats so why not
say something else that I'm in love it
they call them kitties so I decided to
join them today and be a kid again you
know should you like dogs - or just cats
I mean I like like the animal dogs yes
but I prefer I'm a cat girl persons are
gonna fight after this interview but
it's all good we'll get through it okay
lastly where should people follow you
keep up with you and all that good stuff
twitter is ksh egg Clark and then
instagrams acacia Brinley
feed acacia Brinley YouTube case cutie
Giff Foom baby-friendly hey Andrea we
need to get a cloud there one day
gladness this is my favorite present
because she's the bomb diggity my
favorite kitty we got to see like a
collab there okay cool so they're gonna
probably go on all that stuff well I
mean if it's a choice I'm not I'm
telling them you can be nice and saying
if you wanna feel like you maybe should
possibly yeah all right so good talking
to you
and enjoy yourself on stage and have a
good time I will I will do that I will
follow you yes sir wait real quick do
you have like a by you always say in
your videos until I say like stay weird
keep durbin my shirt actually says stay
weird it's currently and then I have a
button stay weird follow the norms and
say weird